README.md, before:

# Peinture (AI Image Gen)

A sleek, dark-themed AI image generator built with React, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. This application leverages powerful Hugging Face models (Z-Image Turbo, Qwen Image Fast) to generate high-quality images from text prompts in seconds.

![App Screenshot](https://cdn.xiangfa.org/upload/WX20251205-154822@2x.png)

## ✨ Features

- **Multi-Model Support**: Switch between `Z-Image Turbo` and `Qwen Image Fast` for different generation styles and speeds.
- **Prompt Optimization**: Integrated AI prompt enhancer that expands simple ideas into detailed, cinematic descriptions.
- **History Gallery**: Automatically saves generated images locally. View, zoom, pan, and manage your creation history.
- **Interactive Viewer**: Zoom and pan capabilities for detailed image inspection.
- **Multilingual**: Full support for English and Chinese (中文) interfaces.
- **Hugging Face Integration**: Optional API token support for higher rate limits.
- **Privacy Focused**: History is stored in your browser's LocalStorage; no backend database is required for user data.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: React 19
- **Build Tool**: Vite
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Animation**: CSS Transitions & Tailwind
- **APIs**:
  - Hugging Face Integration (Image Generate Engineering)
  - Pollinations.ai (Prompt Engineering)

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn or pnpm

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Amery2010/peinture.git
   cd peinture
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open your browser at `http://localhost:5173`.

## 📦 Deployment

This project is a static Single Page Application (SPA), making it easy to deploy on any platform that supports static hosting.

### Option 1: Vercel (Recommended)

Vercel is optimized for frontend frameworks and requires zero configuration.

1. Install Vercel CLI:
   ```bash
   npm i -g vercel
   ```

2. Run the deploy command from the project root:
   ```bash
   vercel
   ```

3. Follow the prompts. Vercel will automatically detect Vite and set the build command to `npm run build` and the output directory to `dist`.

**Alternatively, via the Vercel Dashboard:**
1. Push your code to GitHub.
2. Import the repository in Vercel.
3. Keep the default "Framework Preset" as `Vite`.
4. Click **Deploy**.

### Option 2: Cloudflare Pages

Cloudflare Pages is the best way to host static assets on the Cloudflare network.

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository.
2. Log in to the [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and go to **Compute (Workers & Pages)** > **Create Application** > **Pages** > **Connect to Git**.
3. Select your repository.
4. In "Build settings":
   - **Framework preset**: `Vite`
   - **Build command**: `npm run build`
   - **Build output directory**: `dist`
5. Click **Save and Deploy**.

### Option 3: Static CDN (Nginx, Apache, Netlify, S3)

To host on any standard web server or CDN:

1. Build the project locally:
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

2. This will generate a `dist` folder containing `index.html` and bundled assets.

3. Upload the **contents** of the `dist` folder to your server's public root directory (e.g., `/var/www/html` or an S3 bucket).

4. **Important for SPAs**: Ensure your server is configured to redirect all 404 requests to `index.html` so that React Router (if added in the future) or client-side logic handles the routing.

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Hugging Face Token (Optional)

The application works out-of-the-box using public quotas. However, for heavy usage, users can provide their own Hugging Face Read Token.

1. Click the **Settings** in the top right.
2. Paste your token in the "Hugging Face Token" field.
3. Click **Save**.

This token is stored securely in your browser's `localStorage` and is strictly used to authenticate requests to the Hugging Face Inference endpoints.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the project
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

Commit message:

feat: Add 4x image resolution upscaling
Integrates AI technology to upscale generated images by 4x, achieving up to 8K resolution. This enhances the visual quality of the AI Image Gen application.

README.md, after:

# Peinture (AI Image Gen)

A sleek, dark-themed AI image generator built with React, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS. This application leverages powerful Hugging Face models (Z-Image Turbo, Qwen Image Fast) to generate high-quality images from text prompts in seconds.

![App Screenshot](https://cdn.xiangfa.org/upload/WX20251206-170626@2x.png)

## ✨ Features

- **Multi-Model Support**: Switch between `Z-Image Turbo` and `Qwen Image Fast` for different generation styles and speeds.
- **Prompt Optimization**: Integrated AI prompt enhancer that expands simple ideas into detailed, cinematic descriptions.
- **History Gallery**: Automatically saves generated images locally. View, zoom, pan, and manage your creation history.
- **Interactive Viewer**: Zoom and pan capabilities for detailed image inspection.
- **4x Resolution**: Using AI technology, any image can be upscaled 4x resolution, achieving a maximum image quality of 8K.
- **Multilingual**: Full support for English and Chinese (中文) interfaces.
- **Hugging Face Integration**: Optional API token support for higher rate limits.
- **Privacy Focused**: History is stored in your browser's LocalStorage; no backend database is required for user data.

## 🛠 Tech Stack

- **Framework**: React 19
- **Build Tool**: Vite
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **Animation**: CSS Transitions & Tailwind
- **APIs**:
  - Hugging Face Integration (Image Generate Engineering)
  - Pollinations.ai (Prompt Engineering)

## 🚀 Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Node.js (v18 or higher)
- npm or yarn or pnpm

### Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Amery2010/peinture.git
   cd peinture
   ```

2. Install dependencies:
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open your browser at `http://localhost:5173`.

## 📦 Deployment

This project is a static Single Page Application (SPA), making it easy to deploy on any platform that supports static hosting.

### Option 1: Vercel (Recommended)

Vercel is optimized for frontend frameworks and requires zero configuration.

1. Install Vercel CLI:
   ```bash
   npm i -g vercel
   ```

2. Run the deploy command from the project root:
   ```bash
   vercel
   ```

3. Follow the prompts. Vercel will automatically detect Vite and set the build command to `npm run build` and the output directory to `dist`.

**Alternatively, via the Vercel Dashboard:**
1. Push your code to GitHub.
2. Import the repository in Vercel.
3. Keep the default "Framework Preset" as `Vite`.
4. Click **Deploy**.

### Option 2: Cloudflare Pages

Cloudflare Pages is the best way to host static assets on the Cloudflare network.

1. Push your code to a GitHub repository.
2. Log in to the [Cloudflare Dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) and go to **Compute (Workers & Pages)** > **Create Application** > **Pages** > **Connect to Git**.
3. Select your repository.
4. In "Build settings":
   - **Framework preset**: `Vite`
   - **Build command**: `npm run build`
   - **Build output directory**: `dist`
5. Click **Save and Deploy**.

### Option 3: Static CDN (Nginx, Apache, Netlify, S3)

To host on any standard web server or CDN:

1. Build the project locally:
   ```bash
   npm run build
   ```

2. This will generate a `dist` folder containing `index.html` and bundled assets.

3. Upload the **contents** of the `dist` folder to your server's public root directory (e.g., `/var/www/html` or an S3 bucket).

4. **Important for SPAs**: Ensure your server is configured to redirect all 404 requests to `index.html` so that React Router (if added in the future) or client-side logic handles the routing.

## ⚙️ Configuration

### Hugging Face Token (Optional)

The application works out-of-the-box using public quotas. However, for heavy usage, users can provide their own Hugging Face Read Token.

1. Click the **Settings** in the top right.
2. Paste your token in the "Hugging Face Token" field.
3. Click **Save**.

This token is stored securely in your browser's `localStorage` and is strictly used to authenticate requests to the Hugging Face Inference endpoints.

## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

1. Fork the project
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/AmazingFeature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📄 License

Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.
